So this next section we need to move very quickly. If you don't have one
already, you'll need to make yourself an itch.io profile. From there, go
to your dashboard, and click the create new project button. The good
news is you cannot publish a game the first time through, so feel free
to put anything you want into the following fields.

We'll start at the top: Our project needs a title, which should match
the name of your app. The system will make us a project URL based on
this name.

After that, add a short description, a sentence or two. This is the
elevator pitch of what your game is. Mine is an infinite runner game, so
I'll mention that.

We can skip classification since we're making a game.

Our installers are downloads, so we move past what kind of project.

Release status lets your users know if this is a prototype, or a
prerelease, or a finished game. Pick what is appropriate for your
project. For now, I'm uploading a prototype.

Let's stop for a moment on payment options: If you're going to charge
for your games, you will need to provide legal information for this
step. Let's talk about if you should charge: My personal opinion is that
even small games should include a charge. Games have a cost, and you
should absolutely keep that in mind. That said free or donate is a great
option where you can suggest the price based on the effort you put into
the game, but allow people to download if they would like.

Now, you can upload your installer.

It will take a moment to finish, and once it does, you can tell your
users what the download is (in our case, an executable) and also which
platform you can install or run it on. In my case, this is a windows
installer, so I'll set that checkmark.

Details is the marketing copy that tells your user what your game is and
what it's about. Feel free to write whatever you like, I've got this
content that explains this game.

The last thing you'll want for sure is a cover image that is at least
315x250.

Once you've done all of this and saved, you'll get to view the page and
check it out. If you're happy, you can make the page public and
officially publish your Python game!
